# MC Auto Mapper

This application reads the SRG/CSV files generated by [MCPMappingViewer](https://github.com/bspkrs/MCPMappingViewer) or http://modcoderpack.com and generates mappings for classes, fields, and methods. It will soon be used for an SDK generator. (I'm already doing it) The project uses thread pooling and parallelism, even though it is not strictly necessary since the main functions only perform disk reads.

## Requirements

- Go 1.16 or later

## Installation

1. Clone this repository.
2. Run `yarn build` in the root directory of the project.
3. The executable file will be generated in the same directory.

## Usage

1. Place the SRG/CSV files generated by MCPMappingViewer in the `data/mappings/<version>` directory. You can get it in `user.home` > `.cache/MCPMappingViewer` > `<version>/stable` or just download it from [ModCoderPack]("http://modcoderpack.com").
2. Run the executable file.
3. The output files will be generated in the `out/` directory.

## Output Files

- `out/classes.txt`: a list of all the classes and their mappings.
- `out/fields.txt`: a list of all the fields and their mappings.
- `out/methods.txt`: a list of all the methods and their mappings.

You can modify it to your use case

- `out/sdk`: here will be generated the sdk files (you need to set what classes/fields/methods that you want in `internal/constants` (ik that's hardcoded, I will implement a better way to set it, prolly jsons))

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## TODO

SDK Generation

- Fix function overloading when the only difference is the return type.
- Pass env on constructor (shared_ptr return types)
- Load mappings on each class instead using a global mapping manager - aka g_mapper
- A way to get the return type of Fields, or just get it by inference
- getClass should have the path in params
